update: remove experimental wording about middleware (#3331)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/api-reference.mdx

</ul>
```

### `Astro.locals`

> `Astro.locals` is an API available via [Astro middleware](/en/guides/middleware/). It's an object that can contain any arbitrary information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Astro.locals` is an object containing any values from the [`context.locals`](#contextlocals) object from a middleware. Use this to access data returned by middleware in your `.astro` files.
```
OK, PLOT TWIST!  :sweat_smile: 

So I looked at the definition for `Astro.props` (because, this is like props for middleware). What do you think about something like this instead?

Author: That works very well! Thank you!

```astro title="src/pages/Orders.astro"
---
const title = Astro.locals.welcomeTitle();
const orders = Array.from(Astro.locals.orders.entries());
---
<h1>{title}</h1>

> <p>This {data.property} is from middleware.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I'm going to suggest we remove this, since we don't show `data` anywhere. I think the two matching examples are enough!

Author: I missed that, good catch!

</ul>
```

### `Astro.locals`

> `Astro.locals` is an API available via [Astro middleware](/en/guides/middleware/). It's an object that can contain any arbitrary information.

Author: Sure!

See also: [`Astro.redirect()`](#astroredirect)

### `context.locals`

`context.locals` is an object available **only in middleware functions**. You can use this object to store arbitrary
information during the lifecycle of a request.

This is complementary API of [`Astro.locals`](#astrolocals)

```ts title="src/middleware.ts"
import type { MiddlewareResponseHandler } from 'astro';

export const onRequest: MiddlewareResponseHandler = ({ locals }, next) => {
    locals.foo = "bar"
    return next();
}
```

> See also: [`Astro.redirect()`](#astroredirect)

Author: Oh yeah, thank you for catching that!
